Remove ISO 8859-1 reference (#28121)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/guide/grammar_and_types/index.md

A JavaScript identifier usually starts with a letter, underscore (`_`), or dollar sign (`$`). Subsequent characters can also be digits (`0` – `9`). Because JavaScript is case sensitive, letters include the characters `A` through `Z` (uppercase) as well as `a` through `z` (lowercase).

> You can use most of [ISO 8859-1](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO/IEC_8859-1) or Unicode letters such as `å` and `ü` in identifiers. (For more details, see [this blog post](https://mathiasbynens.be/notes/javascript-identifiers-es6) or the [lexical grammar](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Lexical_grammar#identifiers) reference.) You can also use the [Unicode escape sequences](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Lexical_grammar#string_literals) as characters in identifiers.

Reviewer: No need for this link at all.

```suggestion
You can use most Unicode letters such as `å` and `ü` in identifiers. (For more details, see the [lexical grammar](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Lexical_grammar#identifiers) reference.) You can also use [Unicode escape sequences](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Lexical_grammar#string_literals) to represent characters in identifiers.
```

Author: ok then
I thought it was forgotten
